Readme.md, before:

# Avoid Inevitable

Small game released in 2 days for [Ludum Dare 50](https://ldjam.com/events/ludum-dare/50) game jam
with the "avoid inevitable" theme and the "compo" rules constraints.

# Instructions to play

As a pinguin in an melting icefield you have to survive.

Play with a with the keyboard
with WSAD (or ZQSD) to move and spacebar to jump

On standalone build:
- Escape key to Quit
- P key to make a screenshot (pgn file generated on your "Avoid Inevitable_Data" folder from the game binary directory)

# Screenshots

## Screenshots of v0.1 Windows
![Screenshot](img/screenshot_0.1_start.png?raw=true "Start")
![Screenshot](img/screenshot_0.1_gameover.png?raw=true "Gameover")

# Known issues

- Character controls altered after playing a while for an unknown reason
- WebGL build (wip) because displays a black texture instead of transparent waters

# Instructions to build

1. Install Unity 2021.2
2. Clone this git repository from https://github.com/jpca/ld50_avoidinevitable
3. Import the project some errors may appear because of missing required assets
4. Import the required assets with Unity Package Manager. The required assets are listed at the end of the .gitignore file

# Credits

Made with [Unity 2021.2](https://unity3d.com/fr/get-unity/download) and a few free assets (wich I can't include source code sorry)

Some third parties code where used

- Super Character Controller from Aedan Graves : https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/tools/game-toolkits/super-character-controller-135316#content
- AQUAS Lite from Dogmatic : https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/vfx/shaders/aquas-lite-built-in-render-pipeline-53519
- Luckiest Guy font from Google : https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Luckiest+Guy
- Camera controller derived from Unity ML-Agents examples : https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/ml-agents

I'll appreciate to know if you play this game or use the source code

# Licence

GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE
Version 3, 29 June 2007

Commit message:

added iceberg rocks made with blender

Readme.md, after:

# Avoid Inevitable

Small game released in 2 days for [Ludum Dare 50](https://ldjam.com/events/ludum-dare/50) game jam
with the "avoid inevitable" theme and the "compo" rules constraints.

# Instructions to play

As a pinguin in an melting icefield you have to survive.

Play with a with the keyboard
with WSAD (or ZQSD) to move and spacebar to jump

On standalone build:
- Escape key to Quit
- P key to make a screenshot (pgn file generated on your "Avoid Inevitable_Data" folder from the game binary directory)

# Screenshots

## Screenshots of v0.1 Windows
![Screenshot](img/screenshot_0.1_start.png?raw=true "Start")
![Screenshot](img/screenshot_0.1_gameover.png?raw=true "Gameover")

# Known issues

- Character controls altered after playing a while for an unknown reason
- WebGL build (wip) because displays a black texture instead of transparent waters

# Instructions to build

1. Install Unity 2021.2
2. Clone this git repository from https://github.com/jpca/ld50_avoidinevitable
3. Import the project some errors may appear because of missing required assets
4. Import the required assets with Unity Package Manager. The required assets are listed at the end of the .gitignore file

# Credits

Made with [Unity 2021.2](https://unity3d.com/fr/get-unity/download) and a few free assets (wich I can't include source code sorry)

Some third parties code where used :

- Super Character Controller from Aedan Graves : https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/tools/game-toolkits/super-character-controller-135316#content
- AQUAS Lite from Dogmatic : https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/vfx/shaders/aquas-lite-built-in-render-pipeline-53519
- Luckiest Guy font from Google : https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Luckiest+Guy
- Camera controller derived from Unity ML-Agents examples : https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/ml-agents


Some helping videos :

- How to create low poly rocks in minute by CG Geek : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4EqLyGsu3AA

I'll appreciate to know if you play this game or use the source code

# Licence

GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE
Version 3, 29 June 2007
